Enhance Sonarr integration documentation (#43013)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sonarr.markdown

The Sonarr integration will add the following sensors:

> - **Upcoming**: The number of upcoming episodes. Attributes include series title and episode identifier for each upcoming episode (e.g., `The Andy Griffith Show: "S01E01"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Upcoming**: The number of upcoming episodes. Attributes include series title and episode identifier for each upcoming episode (for example, `The Andy Griffith Show: "S01E01"`).
```
we prefer "for example", or "such as" over e.g., see also https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

> - **Commands**: The number of commands being run. Attributes include command name and status for each running command (e.g., `RefreshSeries: "completed"`). (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Commands**: The number of commands being run. Attributes include command name and status for each running command (for example, `RefreshSeries: "completed"`). (disabled by default)
```

> - **Disk Space**: Available disk space in gigabytes across all storage locations. Attributes include detailed disk space information for each storage path showing free/total space and usage percentage (e.g., `/mnt/storage1: "250.50/500.00GB (50.10%)"`). (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Disk Space**: Available disk space in gigabytes across all storage locations. Attributes include detailed disk space information for each storage path showing free/total space and usage percentage (for example, `/mnt/storage1: "250.50/500.00GB (50.10%)"`). (disabled by default)
```

> - **Queue**: The number of episodes in the download queue. Attributes include series title with episode identifier and download progress percentage for each queued item (e.g., `The Andy Griffith Show S01E01: "45.32%"`). (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Queue**: The number of episodes in the download queue. Attributes include series title with episode identifier and download progress percentage for each queued item (for example, `The Andy Griffith Show S01E01: "45.32%"`). (disabled by default)
```

> - **Shows**: The number of series in Sonarr. Attributes include series title and episode statistics for each show (e.g., `The Andy Griffith Show: "120/249 Episodes"`). (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shows**: The number of series in Sonarr. Attributes include series title and episode statistics for each show (for example, `The Andy Griffith Show: "120/249 Episodes"`). (disabled by default)
```

> - **Wanted**: The number of episodes still wanted. Attributes include series title with episode identifier and air date for each wanted episode (e.g., `The Andy Griffith Show S02E05: "2024-03-15T20:00:00-04:00"`). (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Wanted**: The number of episodes still wanted. Attributes include series title with episode identifier and air date for each wanted episode (for example, `The Andy Griffith Show S02E05: "2024-03-15T20:00:00-04:00"`). (disabled by default)
```
